svgdigitizer documentation & implementation of myst_nb (#125)
echemdb/svgdigitizer: doc/workflow.md

Repeat this for positions `E2`, `j1` and `j2`.

**Some notes on units and labels:**

* The `svgdigitizer.electrochemistry.cv.CV` module also accepts `U` (in units of V) on the x-axis and `I` (in units of A) on the y-axis.
* Units should be provided in the [astropy format](https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/units/index.html). In brief:
  * [Standard units](https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/units/standard_units.html) simply read: `V`, `A` or `m`.
  * Units can be preceeded by common prefixes, i.e., `mV`, `kV` or `uV`.
  * Note that $\mu$ is `u`.
  * fractions read as follows (note the spaces between the dashes): `mV / s`, `mA / cm2`.
  * For square, cubic, etc units simply add `2`, `3`, ... to the unit (see above).
  * Use parentheses if more than one unit is in the numerator or denominator, i.e., `(kg m) / s2`
* If the reference on the voltage axis is not given in the plot, extract this information from the manuscript text. Note that the reference scale given in the experimental section can be different to that in the main text of the manuscript.

> * `svgdigitizer` only considers units in the labels for positions`E2`/`U2` and `j2`/`I`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `svgdigitizer` only considers units in the labels for positions`E2`/`U2` and `j2`/`I2`. 
```

![inkscape_x1_label](files/images/inkscape_x1_label.png)

When all axes have been marked, the plot looks as follows:

![inkscape_all_labels](files/images/inkscape_all_labels.png)

**3: Trace the curve**

1. Roughly trace the blue curve

> Select the the tool `Draw Bezier curves` ![inkscape_draw_Bezier](./files/images/inkscape_draw_Bezier.png) and select the mode `Create regular Bezier path`![inkscape_Bezier_mode](./files/images/inkscape_Bezier_mode.png). Try using as few nodes as possible. It is desired that a node is placed at peak maxima. This way these features are not missed when using low sampling rates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the the tool `Draw Bezier curves` ![inkscape_draw_Bezier](./files/images/inkscape_draw_Bezier.png) and select the mode `Create regular Bezier path`![inkscape_Bezier_mode](./files/images/inkscape_Bezier_mode.png). Try using as few nodes as possible. It is desired that a node is placed at maxima of sharp peaks. This way these features are not missed when using low sampling rates.
```
